= SpinOff

This is a Web based game where the players will have to manage a TV channel. Demo site: http://spinoff.herokuapp.com

The player will have to buy good programs (movies, series, ...) and schedule it to get as much audience as possible.
At the same time they will have to schedule ads to get some money.

== Time in game (Slots)

In Spinoff every day has 12 slots to schedule some programs. When the 12 slots finishes it starts the next day.
Every slot takes two real-time hours, so the days from Spinoff goes with the real days.

Each user can assign only one program and one ad per slot. They can keep it empty as well.

== Audience

There's 4 types of population in the game, children, teenager, adult and elderly. For each time the amount of people of
each type will vary. For example, at time 1 maybe the 60% of the population is adult but at time 4 it's 40%.

Every population group have different preferences in terms of genres. Children use to watch cartoon but adults don't (in
general).

Based on the ratio of each type of population and the preferences of each one, for every game time there's a specific
genres that will get more audience.

After every game time (2h) the audience will watch the best channels following the preferences.

Example:

In the time 3 there's 20% children and only children likes cartoon. 80% of the children will watch cartoon for this
time. So, from the total population, (20% * 80%) 16% of the audience will go for cartoon.

Let's say there's only 2 users with cartoon scheduled at this time, one of the programs has popularity 60 and the other
40. The channel with 60 popularity will get the 60% of the audience assigned to cartoon and the other one will get 40%,
so the first one will get 9.6% of the total audience and the second one 6.4%.

